are you girls must be so excited for the
week you have a head here in the world
of Russian games
you tell me what what you do is such
horseback so we compete as individuals
and as peers and a team from the
competition and from there we
choreographed routines to music and it's
like gymnastics and dance on the back of
a horse and we trying we could all move
and artistically good it must be so
difficult sort of gymnastic on the floor
is technical enough where's got
something moving moving an animal moving
round how much preparation goes into
sort of the choreography and the music
we work a lot on the barrel so it's a
static course just and that doesn't
bother to different move with a roller
on it so we practice all our routines on
there and normally throughout the winter
we can decide what music we're going to
the choreography facial expressions are
a big part of it and then from that
we're going to walk on the horse you
want news worth a lot down and then the
routine just builds up and then by the
end of it hopefully it's all perspective
and
at the right time and lots of
competition if they can have here I mean
we don't have sort of a team computing
day we just have individually and what
are your so who are your rivals as such
well over the last few years general
Britain has been getting a lot lot
better at faulting in general and I
thought three of us are in the top seven
the FEI rankings individually so as
individuals we're hoping we've got a
good chance of actually bringing home
some really good results and personal
best scores swell for Great Britain and
within the world as well a lot of other
nations feudal smaller nations are
beginning to become more prominent
figures so there's some really good
competition from the likes of Denmark
Italy Switzerland as well as there's
always good competition Germany Austria
America so there's so many individuals
who could be in that top ten but it's a
horse for anything can happen so you've
got to go with the flow as well so it's
a little bit of to all who knows what
might happen but going into it
statistically we've all got a really
good chance doing very well absolutely
well you girls look so prepared and good
luck week ahead thank you